Docs: related block; new demos; minor fixes and expansions (#8250)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-heading/docs/features/title.md

{@snippet features/title}

## Related features

> There are more CKEditor 5 features that can help you control your document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are more CKEditor 5 features that can help you structure your document better:
```

> * {@link features/basic-styles Basic font styles} &ndash; The essentials, like **bold**, *italic* and others.

Reviewer: Same doubts as above. Is it related?

> * {@link features/remove-format Remove format} &ndash; Easily clean basic text formatting.

Reviewer: Remove format does not apply to document title, so it shouldn't be here.

* {@link features/headings Headings} &ndash; Divide your content into sections.

> 

Reviewer: Editor placeholder missing.
